Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
THE EAST PALACE
It cannot be.
Please. wake up. I beg you!
That spirit killed my son!
Your Royal Highness! Your Royal Highness!
That is enough.
Where is the King? I need his audience.
I cannot believe His Highness.
the Crown Prince. was wandering alone.
But I assure you. the confusion around it
will only deepen now.
The court must not be the first one shaken
by such an awful act.
Chief Royal Secretary.
Yes. Your Majesty.
I would like you to go ahead
with the funeral rites.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
Are you aware of the misfortune
that has fallen on us?
Our dear Crown Prince is dead.
Yes. I am aware.
Then how can you remain so calm
at a time like this?!
You may all withdraw.
Yes. Your Majesty.
The Crown Princes keep dying.
Crown Prince Jangpyeong.
Crown Prince Yunpyeong.
and now the current Crown Prince.
-If the spirit strikes again...
-That is enough.
They are just simple myths.
How could we have a spirit within
a royal family of Neo-Confucian ideals?
Have you already forgotten. 30 years ago.
the Crown Princes died one by one.
just as they are dying now?
I have not. Thirty years
have already passed since that time.
But this is not the same as back then.
As you well know. my first and second sons
both regrettably died of illness.
And in regard to the third case.
my boy was overcome with darkness
and chose to take his own life.
Bizarre things such as spirits
do not exist.
And so you are not allowed
to speak of any of these petty myths.
Do you honestly think. Mother.
that this kind of talk
is good for your mind?
If you truly see this tragedy
in that way. my son…
Then from this moment on.
remain as you are and stay silent.
I will see to it that nothing else
threatens the Crown Princes.
I will do everything in my power
to take action against this at once!
Please. Crown Prince!
Return!
Stop the wailing!
Does everyone here also believe
that spirits of any kind
could kill the sons of your great King?
That somehow the late King and myself
had our sons taken away by a mere spirit?
Are you saying that your king is a coward?
What officials or subjects
under heaven would follow such a king?
Your Majesty.
A mere spirit cannot lay a hand
upon the royal bloodline.
Anyone who threatens royal authority.
be it human or spirit…
Will exist no more.
Do you truly believe
that man's power can restrain the spirit?
He is the most renowned shaman
in the capital.
I will dry out the seed
of the royal bloodline.
Your Majesty! Hurry!
It's Prince Yeongan.
What has happened to you?
Your Majesty.
What has happened?
Prince Yeongan
was suddenly seized by some sort of fit.
and now he is in pain.
Prince.
Prince Yeongan. Prince.
Prince Yeongan?
Did you see that?
I'll take this one as well.
What are you doing?
No! No! Please. do not!
Wait! Prince Yeongan!
Please!
Please save Prince Yeongan.
Your Majesty.
I will completely
dry out the seed of the East Palace!
What took place 30 years ago
is unfolding once again within the palace.
Therefore. you must come with me this time
to finally put an end
to this matter once and for all.
This humble monk
is old and frail now
and lacks the strength to face it.
However. I do know of someone who can.
And who is that?
Gu-cheon is his name.
His mother was a shaman.
but when she became pregnant.
the god she served grew angry
and cursed her.
]
In her agony. she threw herself
into the river along with the child.
However. while the child's mother.
the shaman. died.
that little boy miraculously survived.
He remained underwater
for over 15 minutes.
long enough that he should have died.
Maybe it is because he drowned
and returned to life.
but from that moment on.
he was able to see spirits.
Gu-cheon.
Get up. you little rascal!
Go. move it now!
Hey. get up already.
I told you. get up at once.
Even with the Buddha
and the Mountain God watching.
you still chose to behave like this?
Why do you keep sleeping here
when you have a perfectly good room
of your own?
Because all sorts of things
come out at night and keep tormenting me.
Good heavens.
Gu-cheon.
Come with me. There is someone
to see you of high standing.
I refuse. Would you please leave me alone?
You must stop sleeping all day
and earn your keep
with the one thing you know how to do.
I told you
I don't wanna do it anymore.
A Buddhist talking about earning his keep?
A fake monk is all you'll ever be.
What? A fake monk? Fine! Good!
I have long wanted
to quit this wretched life.
Is something wrong with you?
Because you don't look well.
None of that is of your concern.
You wear the face of one in mourning.
-Gu-cheon.
-So what do you want me for?
I've heard you can see spirits
and drive such things away.
-Is that true?
-Wonderful.
I see the whole town knows about me now.
This is why even
dogs and cows come to see me.
Gu-cheon!
There is always a reason
why you'd have one haunting you.
It's because
they have done something foul.
Stop bringing me these people
who reek of foulness.
Be quiet and watch your manners.
He says his child is ill.
He's been cursed by a spirit.
and they're worried that he's dying.
Mm. And this involves me how exactly?
Huh?
Don't call me over such trifles.
I'm going back to go take a nap.
Gu-cheon.
What?
Do you… see something in me?
Your right hand.
You can't use it. can you?
Why is that?
You have a bite mark
left by a spirit.
It's clear from your wound there
that a spirit of great ill will
has found a way to bind itself to you.
If only you had lived more decently.
Not that it matters to me.
My apologies.
Hey! I was just on my way to take a nap!
Let me out of here!
Oh. so this is the palace. is it?
The King.
-You may all withdraw.
-Yes. Your Majesty.
Do you know where this is?
Yes. This is the palace.
The residence of His Majesty.
Yes. It is vast. and… it is beautiful.
A luxurious residence.
The Crown Prince was bewitched by a spirit
and met his death at this pond.
The spirit uttered to me.
"I will dry out the seed
of the East Palace."
And now my remaining son
stands on the brink of death.
That is why you're here.
You will banish the spirit.
What is the true nature
of the spirit you speak of?
That is none of your concern.
Can you do it?
Do you think you can find it
and destroy it for me?
There is nothing here anymore.
The spirit
has gone from the pond.
I'll have to search more than one place.
Wait.
You should stay here.
What do you think you're doing?
If your strong energy is nearby.
then it will flee from us.
so I should go and look alone.
Come back quickly.
That damn fake monk
sold me off to the palace.
I can't do this.
I have to get out of here! I have to go!
No. no. Wait. wait. wait. wait!
The Big Dipper lies that way. so then…
This way.
Ah. dang it.
I. uh…
My stomach hurts.
Oh. come on!
Will you please just let me go!
I didn't choose to come here!
No matter how lowborn I may be…
Mark my words.
If you ever attempt to flee again…
I will have both of your arms severed.
If you spread the word
that you hunt spirits here.
then you will lose your jaw.
And if you fail to catch the spirit.
and my son is harmed.
then I will cut off your head personally.
They say that once you enter a palace.
you leave it only in death.
This is indeed such a place.
However. I will grant one exception.
If you capture said spirit
and put an end to this.
then I will bestow you your freedom
and anything else you may desire.
Do you understand?
From now on.
you'll be known as a feng shui master
who entered the palace on royal authority.
I will assign you someone
who may be of use.
I hardly recognize you.
It has been ten years already.
And I've summoned you now.
Do you know why?
You must have needed
someone you trust to keep secrets for you.
In order to save your dying prince.
you have summoned
a daughter that you believed to be dead.
I see you still hold it against me.
what happened when you were just a child.
Of course not.
It would be my greatest joy. Father.
to be of some help to you now.
I have brought a feng shui master
into the palace to hunt the spirit.
Be my eyes and ears.
and keep a close watch over him.
I will decide whether he is to be trusted
or put to death… through you.
Is anybody here?
Help? What help?
Who on earth is he assigning to help me?
I bet it'll be some terrifying men.
Everywhere I turn.
this place is full of terrifying men.
Oh. no. That reminds me.
I wonder if Chil-bok is doing well.
-That damn fake monk.
-Excuse me.
-Excuse me!
-Damn it.
Who are you?
Why are you not answering?
Hey. why are you opening the door without…
I am here to assist you.
as requested by His Majesty.
What use could I possibly have
for a lady like you?
Sorry?
I clearly said not to send useless people.
and that I want to first change my room.
But he did not listen to a word I said.
I have not slept a wink all night.
I am currently at my wits' end!
Flying into a rage the moment we meet.
Do you have any manners?
Your quarters were chosen
away from prying eyes.
so you should not complain like this.
Complain?
Complain? Don't be ridiculous.
Let me ask you.
Do you know why
there's nobody allowed in here?
From what I understand.
people keep mysteriously dying
in this building.
Well. let me tell you why.
All of the Yin energy
has gathered itself in here…
Causing these things to dwell.
What?
The air here is ominous.
So. what. um. might you see here with us?
Good heavens.
It must feel so peaceful
to see nothing at all around you.
I am going to sleep now.
One cannot expect a beast of a man
who knows no manners to show courtesy.
-Excuse me?
-Anyway…
Let us begin with greetings
for our first meeting.
I am Saeng-gang. an inspector court lady.
And you are a shaman who is here
to hunt spirits. am I correct?
Shaman? I do not serve any kind of spirit.
If you are not a shaman.
how will you catch the pond spirit?
That is none of your concern. so…
Just do what ever I may tell you.
I could not sleep
because of that thing on the ceiling.
so I will get some sleep now.
-There is much to be done!
-Hey. what are you doing?
Come with me! There is no time to lose.
That is the feng shui master
the King brought in.
-Where?
-The one who just passed by.
He looks
completely out of place here.
Careful how you behave around here.
You have entered here
as a feng shui master.
You need to mind your conduct.
I don't know the first thing
about feng shui.
You insolent wench.
How dare you raise your head
and look upon me!
Where are your manners? Have you no sense?
Oh.
My apologies. madam.
I'm from the Office of Inspection.
The King has asked
that I have the new feng shui master
brought here to see Prince Yeongan.
Leave here at once.
Her Majesty the Queen Dowager
has ordered that no one is allowed in.
You kept talking about manners.
yet we walked all this way
just for you to be scolded.
Interesting.
Look at his manner of walking.
Well. have you looked around the palace?
Might the room
no longer have the pond spirit?
And how would I know?
It's not as if I can see through walls.
-Then what exactly can you...
-Hey. why are you taking it out on me?
You were the one being told off there.
For goodness' sake.
Should you not at least
sense some kind of energy? Hey!
His Majesty
has sent over a feng shui master.
Why would he send someone like that?
What is His Majesty thinking.
sending one of those here?
I have heard
that he is staying in the residence
at the far end of the East Palace.
Pardon?
Is that not the place
that has been plagued by unnatural deaths?
Yes. Your Majesty.
It was left vacant because
so many died there suddenly in the night.
A feng shui master…
I wonder what kind of soul he has.
Oh!
What just happened?
Have you given up your senses?
There's a great deal
of Yang energy in you.
That's a rare temperament.
His Majesty's judgment
must have truly declined
to entrust such a matter
to someone like you.
Your presence proves his distrust of me.
and I am only here with you
because the King threatened my life.
That bastard.
He thinks his power can imprison us.
Are you speaking of His Majesty?
That is treasonous!
What are you talking about?
I meant Chil-bok from my temple.
Gosh. such is my cursed fate.
How long do you intend
to walk without doing anything to help?
Did you come all this way
just to take a walk?
This will not do. Let's go to the pond
where the spirit is said to appear.
There's no need.
I already went.
and it already had gone elsewhere.
Spirits wander around.
unlike gwi-maes. who do not.
Gwi-mae?
What is that?
This is so annoying.
How many actually know about gwi-mae?
Stop being so annoyed
and explain it to me.
I can learn from here on.
The thing about gwi-maes
is that they don't come to us
like a spirit would.
Spirits come from a dead human.
but a gwi-mae is formed
when a large mass of nature's
sinister energy is in one area.
There was one
on the ceiling of my room earlier.
And one over there.
It has no soul.
so it can't be driven away like a spirit.
It's more troublesome to deal with.
It torments those who carry darkness
in their hearts and bewitches them.
Go away.
And we better go.
The best plan is to avoid them.
Then is the pond spirit
a gwi-mae as well?
Gwi-maes do not hold
any grudges against humans.
It is most likely a won-gwi.
A won-gwi? What is a won-gwi?
Heavens.
There are several kinds of gwi.
Common-gwi are souls
bound by lingering attachments.
unable to pass on to the afterlife.
They are harmless.
Won-gwi are the souls of those who died
bearing deep resentment of others.
They torment the ones
who caused their resentment.
And as the resentment grows larger.
it weighs down the soul.
therefore binding it to the earth forever.
Only by removing
that mass of resentment can the soul
that has been bound to the earth
be released and pass on to the afterlife.
And this is no simple task to do.
The pond spirit.
That cunning pond spirit.
Prince Yeongan
is being tormented by the spirit. but…
I cannot believe
she turned down his request.
Does the Queen Dowager
have no sense of judgment at all?
Huh? Well. well.
Did you speak ill of the Queen Dowager?
I thought you said that was treasonous.
More importantly.
why are you tearing apart
the lining of a perfectly good blanket?
Not your business.
You are awfully carefree.
You must see Prince Yeongan
to drive the spirit away.
yet you seem unconcerned.
Heavens. Of course I'm concerned.
If I fail to save His Majesty's son.
I will be the one who dies.
Because of that.
I can't even sleep at night.
What I mean is that poor child
is currently getting tortured.
Is that not pitiful to you?
I barely know the child.
so what do I have to do with it?
How can you possibly be that selfish?
Oh. and if you have the time.
can you go look into that pond spirit?
Find out who it was in life
and what grudge it bears.
Only with that information
can the pond spirit be removed.
It will be difficult.
Not one person will even speak of it.
Then go and fetch
a peach tree branch. will you?
One that extends east.
Why?
You never stop asking questions. do you?
Find one quickly.
Seriously. this man.
Ask again. with some proper manners!
Go. now!
Some help this is.
She doesn't know a damn thing.
Why does it have to be
a branch pointing east?
There.
This should be enough. shouldn't it?
I have heard that peach trees
drive spirits away from the land.
Well done.
And how do you intend
to drive spirits away with…
Oh boy! That feels good.
Oh. that's the spot.
I thought I was gonna die…
You've just had an itch to scratch.
I am writing to you. Father.
It seems to me
that you should set aside your concern
that he might uncover
the truth of the pond spirit
because he is doing nothing whatsoever.
He is holed up in his room all day.
complaining about how
he wants to take a nap.
Did you hear about the spirit?
How many times has this happened?
This is terrible news!
I honestly cannot believe
this happened again.
Tell me about it.
So the rumors are true
that there is a spirit?
It seems that way.
I heard that Prince Yeongan
can't even eat.
I know.
They say he's even worse this time.
Sorry…
But is there something happening?
No. Prince Yeongan.
What is happening to you?
Prince Yeongan! Prince Yeongan!
Please. you need
to come to your senses right now!
You there. do something
for this poor child. please!
This cannot be.
Has he truly been possessed by a spirit?
What should we do?
You have to come. It's Prince Yeongan.
Already?
What do you hope to try?
It's time to go.
What are you gonna do with all of that?
Gu-cheon. wait.
Are you on your way to see Prince Yeongan?
It's not safe. You should wait here.
You do not pay attention or listen.
do you?
I told you not to follow.
I told you.
you have to go to Prince Yeongan.
That is exactly why I came here.
to go to Prince Yeongan.
What are you trying to do?
I have no choice now
but to let you see me in this state.
You need to promise that you will never
tell anyone what I'm about to do.
Why are you smearing that
with your blood?
This is the only way to take this branch
into the other side with me.
By other side. do you mean…
The World of Gwi.
The World of Gwi?
Even if I don't come back
out of the water.
you are not to save me.
is that understood?
Let you die is what you're telling me?
That's right.
That is how I can reach the other side.
Well. since you've followed me this far…
Spirits may be listening to us here.
so come closer so I can tell you quietly.
I lack Yang energy by nature.
so it's better
that I take something of yours along.
It's time for you to go.
And just remember what I said to you.
Look at me!
What… what should we do?
What are we supposed to do now?
Prince Yeongan!
"I shall burn your vessel.
shrouded in darkness."
-Lady Jang…
-Please stay with us. Prince Yeongan.
-Bring the physician!
-Yes. Your Highness.
If Prince Yeongan
shows any signs of waking up.
you must show him your blood.
The window will be brief.
I knew it would not work.
Not when I don't know its true nature.
He really is here.
Who are you?
What grudge do you bear
that's making you
kill the royal bloodline?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm